 PARAZEX :

Parazex 500mg Tablet helps relieve pain and fever by blocking the release of certain chemical messengers responsible for fever and pain. It is used to treat headaches, migraine, toothaches, sore throats, period (menstrual) pains, arthritis, muscle aches, and the common cold.

Parazex 500mg Tablet may be prescribed alone or in combination with another medicine. You should take it regularly as advised by your doctor. It is usually best taken with food otherwise it may upset your stomach. Do not take more or use it for longer than recommended.


NIIMSE :


Nise Tablet is a pain-relieving medicine. It is used for the treatment of inflammatory conditions including joint disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis, postoperative painful condition, fever, and period pain.

Nise Tablet should be taken with food. This will prevent you from getting an upset stomach. In general, you should try to use the smallest amount necessary to control your symptoms, for the shortest possible time. You should take this medicine regularly while you need it. Try not to miss doses as this will make the medicine less effective.


MEFJET-PLUS :

Mef-Plus Tablet is a combination of two medicines. It is used in the treatment of fever. It is also useful for the treatment of mild to moderate pain of various conditions like headache, body ache, and toothache.

Mef-Plus Tablet is to be taken with food. This will prevent you from getting an upset stomach. The dose will depend on what you are taking it for and how well it helps your symptoms. You should take it as advised by your doctor. Do not take more or use it for a longer duration than recommended by the doctor.


AMOXIBLE :

Amoxible 500 Capsule is used to treat a variety of bacterial infections. It is effective in infections of the throat, ear, nasal sinuses, respiratory tract (e.g., pneumonia), urinary tract, skin and soft tissue, and typhoid fever.

Additionally, Amoxible 500 Capsule helps to eliminate a bacteria known as H. pylori in people with peptic ulcer disease. It is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that fights and stops the growth of many types of bacteria. This medicine is best taken with a meal to reduce the chance of a stomach upset. You should take it regularly at evenly spaced intervals as per the schedule prescribed by your doctor. Taking it at the same time every day will help you to remember to take it.

ASOZEN :

Asozen-Plus Tablet is a pain-relieving medicine. It is used to reduce pain and inflammation in conditions like rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and osteoarthritis. It may also be used to relieve muscle pain, back pain, toothache, or pain in the ear and throat.

Asozen-Plus Tablet should be taken with or without food. You should take it regularly as advised by your doctor. Your doctor may change the dose and time between doses according to your pain level and your needs. Do not take more or use it for a longer duration than recommended by your doctor.