CETRIZINE :

Cetirizine is an antihistamine used to relieve allergy symptoms such as watery eyes, runny nose, itching eyes/nose, sneezing, hives, and itching. It works by blocking a certain natural substance (histamine) that your body makes during an allergic reaction.Cetirizine does not prevent hives or prevent/treat a serious allergic reaction (such as anaphylaxis). 

PARACETAMOL :

Paracetamol (Panadol, Calpol, Alvedon) is an analgesic and antipyretic drug that is used to temporarily relieve mild-to-moderate pain and fever. It is commonly included as an ingredient in cold and flu medications and is also used on its own.Paracetamol is exactly the same drug as acetaminophen (Tylenol). Paracetamol is the drug's name assigned using the International Nonproprietary Name (INN) generic name system. Paracetamol is the name used for the drug in places such as Europe, Australia, New Zealand and India. 


PHENYLEPHRINE :

Phenylephrine is used to relieve nasal discomfort caused by colds, allergies, and hay fever. It is also used to relieve sinus congestion and pressure. Phenylephrine will relieve symptoms but will not treat the cause of the symptoms or speed recovery. Phenylephrine is in a class of medications called nasal decongestants. It works by reducing swelling of the blood vessels in the nasal passages.

OXYMETAZOLINE :

Oxymetazoline nasal spray is used to relieve nasal discomfort caused by colds, allergies, and hay fever. It is also used to relieve sinus congestion and pressure. Oxymetazoline nasal spray should not be used to treat children younger than 6 years of age unless it is recommended by a doctor. Children 6 to 12 years of age should use oxymetazoline nasal spray carefully and under adult supervision. Oxymetazoline is in a class of medications called nasal decongestants. It works by narrowing the blood vessels in the nasal passages.


PSEUDOEPHEDRINE :

Pseudoephedrine is used to relieve nasal congestion caused by colds, allergies, and hay fever. It is also used to temporarily relieve sinus congestion and pressure. Pseudoephedrine will relieve symptoms but will not treat the cause of the symptoms or speed recovery. Pseudoephedrine is in a class of medications called nasal decongestants. It works by causing narrowing of the blood vessels in the nasal passages.

