BENADRYL :

Benadryl Syrup is used in the treatment of cough. It relieves allergy symptoms such as runny nose, stuffy nose, sneezing, watery eyes, and congestion or stuffiness. It also thins mucus in the nose, windpipe, and lungs, making it easier to cough out.

Benadryl Syrup is taken with or without food in a dose and duration as advised by the doctor. The dose you are given will depend on your condition and how you respond to the medicine.


TUSSIONEX :

Tussionex PennKinetic is an extended release oral suspension containing a combination of of chlorpheniramine and hydrocodone.

Chlorpheniramine is an antihistamine that reduces the effects of natural chemical histamine in the body. Histamine can produce symptoms of sneezing, itching, watery eyes, and runny nose.

Hydrocodone is a narcotic cough suppressant. It affects the signals in the brain that trigger cough reflex.


ACETAMINOPHEN :


Acetaminophen is an active ingredient in hundreds of over-the-counter (OTC) and prescription medicines. It relieves pain and fever. Acetaminophen can also be combined with other active ingredients in medicines that treat allergy, cough, colds, flu, and sleeplessness. In prescription medicines, acetaminophen is found with other active ingredients to treat moderate to severe pain. Acetaminophen can cause serious liver damage if more than directed is used. 


AMITRIPTYLINE :

Amitriptyline is an antidepressant medicine. It works by increasing levels of a chemical called serotonin in your brain. This can improve your mood. You may start to feel better after 1 to 2 weeks but it can take 4 to 6 weeks for amitriptyline to work fully.


ROBITUSSIN :

Robitussin DM is used to temporarily relieve your cough from minor throat irritation or a cold. It also helps loosen phlegm from chest congestion so that you can cough it up and spit it out.

Robitussin DM comes in a liquid form that you take by mouth. It comes in regular-strength, maximum-strength, sugar-free, and children’s formulations.


